(Doc+) cluster.routing.allocation.enable effects going forward (#111557)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/cluster/shards_allocation.asciidoc

* `new_primaries` -   Allows shard allocation only for primary shards for new indices.
* `none` -            No shard allocations of any kind are allowed for any indices.

> This setting does not affect currently allocated shards, but future allocations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting only affects future allocations, and does not re-allocate or un-allocate currently allocated shards.
```
